use a default step for the instant queries if an interval or intervalMs doesn't set (#277)
VictoriaMetrics/victoriametrics-datasource: CHANGELOG.md

## tip

> * BUGFIX: use a default step for the instant queries if an interval or intervalMs doesn't set (use default values). See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/victoriametrics-datasource/issues/276). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: use `5m` step for the alerting queries if interval wasn't explicitly set by user. This change reduces alerts flapping for Grafana managed alerts. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/victoriametrics-datasource/issues/276). 
```

Author: fixed
